Once upon a time, there was an old mother pig who had three little pigs and not enough food to feed them. So when they were old enough, she sent them out into the world to seek 
their fortunes.The first and second pigs are lazy and refuse to work hard. The third pig is very hard working. As time goes by, the first and second pigs are married; however, the
youngest pig is still single. Despite the terrible mood, he keeps working hard. 
One day, the youngest pig was building a new pretty house for his future girlfriend. A wolf came over. The little pig was very scared and quickly hid in the house he had just 
built. The wolf said that don't be scared, I am not a wolf, but I am actually a fox. Little pig said you think I am a fool? Prove it to me! Wolf thought for a while, then he 
started to sing: "Ring-ding-ding-ding-dingeringeding! Gering-ding-ding-ding-dingeringeding!"
(Reference from Ylvis - The Fox). The Little pig said: "okay I believe you now, come in please!"
The wolf entered the door, and the pig hurled one of his chairs at the wolf. However, the wolf was quick and agile like a fox and easily dodged the projectile. However, the pig 
used an axe to fight the wolf in his newly built house. The wolf used his sharp canines to fight, while the pig used his axe to hit the wolf. The axe gave the little pig powers
unlike any pig before. He was as quick and agile as the wolf, while the axe was in his hand. Inevitably, the wolf was significantly larger than the pig, which he used for his
advantage. He pinned the pig down with all of his weight, and told him, "No man can defeat me." Suddenly, the wolf felt so much pain behind him that he got off of the little pig
to see what caused this. The wolf turned around and saw the little pig's girlfriend on the doorstep. She had kicked the wolf in the butt, literally. Then she said, "I am no man." 
After this statement, the male little pig who was on his feet again, threw his axe for his girlfriend to catch; she caught it, and delivered the final blow to the big bad wolf. 

Sam Pehoski is unable to edit this file.
